Ciallo～(∠・ω< )⌒★ 
token count: 58
type: reserved    value: int       
type: identifier  value: add       
type: (           value: (         
type: reserved    value: int       
type: identifier  value: x         
type: ,           value: ,         
type: reserved    value: int       
type: identifier  value: y         
type: )           value: )         
type: {           value: {         
type: identifier  value: return    
type: identifier  value: x         
type: +           value: +         
type: identifier  value: y         
type: ;           value: ;         
type: }           value: }         
type: reserved    value: int       
type: identifier  value: main      
type: (           value: (         
type: )           value: )         
type: {           value: {         
type: reserved    value: int       
type: identifier  value: result    
type: =           value: =         
type: identifier  value: add       
type: (           value: (         
type: number      value: 5         
type: ,           value: ,         
type: number      value: 3         
type: )           value: )         
type: ;           value: ;         
type: identifier  value: result    
type: <<          value: <<        
type: =           value: =         
type: number      value: 1         
type: ;           value: ;         
type: identifier  value: result    
type: >>          value: >>        
type: =           value: =         
type: number      value: 1         
type: ;           value: ;         
type: identifier  value: result    
type: double char value: &=        
type: number      value: 7         
type: ;           value: ;         
type: identifier  value: result    
type: double char value: |=        
type: number      value: 2         
type: ;           value: ;         
type: identifier  value: result    
type: double char value: ^=        
type: number      value: 4         
type: ;           value: ;         
type: identifier  value: return    
type: identifier  value: result    
type: ;           value: ;         
type: }           value: }         
type: end         value: #         
